API comunicates with 3rd Twitter API (I used tweepy library)

Does not work for dashboards with less than 30 tweets. Problem is in get_dashboard_tweets() function, which lopps through dashboard tweets and adds a tweet to a list, if it is not a reply to another tweet. Loop stops when the lenght of list is 30. For cases when there is less then 30 tweets, i tried to stop the loop when tweet is None, which did not work. I am sure there is a way how to deal with this problem, but currently I cannot find it.

Searching reply-tweet is much more complicated, as I mentioned above. The goal was to find 10 most recent replies to specific tweet. After couple of unsuccessful attempts, I decided to use .search method with given parameter 'since_id' = id of tweet to which replies are searched and 'count' = 100, which is maximum for .search method.

Function searched 100 tweets, which had higher id (newer) then original tweet. From those 100 tweet I filtered all replies to original tweet by comparing it's atribute 'in_reply_to_status_id' with 'id' of original tweet.

Unfortunatelly, 100 tweet were usually not enough to contain all 10 answers and this problem was getting bigger with older tweets. I tried to resolve it with recursive function, iterating through next 100 tweets each time, until all 10 replies were found, but this had drastic impact on program'speed and often crashed itself, so I had to go back to only one iteration through 100 tweets.

Another problem is that .search method for non-premium accounts search only for tweets up to 7 days old, therefore the replies older than 7 days are not possible to retrieve.

...

Ater implementing get_replies function in API and its testing, I finally decided not the implement the function in API, due to its low reliability, and affect on API's response speed (+ approx. 20 secs more). Function's code remains in api.py.

...

TESTS

Test_get_dashboard_tweets() is testing if the length of output of get_dashboard_tweets(). This test won't work in cases of dashboard with less than 30 tweets, but I wasn't sure about other ways of testing this function.

I did some research about these kind of tests and correct way to create tests for such functions might be usage of Mock library, but seemed a bit complicated since I am not very experienced with testing, so I left only 1 test mentioned above an focused rather on different parts of the task.

...







